I'm Fenech
most of the three kicked I've seen in
this world crap so far nobody's beating
the block in fact they've hit it to have
got it through the block Robson's world
forward in the inside left position far
side of the box what ought Stevens now
we've got Lineker Haley and Roberson in
the middle and a good flying header by
alvaro actually water students again
lately and went close
outside and so is Roberson
oh it came to Haley possibly got to
touch on somebody else in the way that
it surprised him a bit I think it was
found Robson who got the touch on in it
is standing close to the ball
and that was so za but it's over the top
and Peter Shilton came up his line there
to remonstrate with his defenders Jimmy
as though he wasn't at all happy about
the way they lined up he Jeremy Pacheco
go may she's pulling away in the inside
right channel at the moment this is
carlos manuel gomez and girls more well
he really is an energetic flyer
it's most welcome this is gary stevens
to glenn hoddle a couple of minutes left
in the first half hate Lee and Lineker
waiting on the far side that was Hateley
clinicas in there and he's watts and
somehow Federico and the goalkeeper
scrambled the ball away Chris Waddle
starts the second half on the left wing
and goes past carlos manuel now linic is
pulling away hate is also forward and
here comes
well that was a marvelous break for
England to start with because the ball
came off olivera there and just made it
perfect for Lineker to finish
wilkins crosses micronus the captain was
in there bravely and he's getting up and
his shoulders okay that was a worrying
moment for me and I'm sure everyone when
we saw him fall there but there's no
doubt he was in Terry Butcher again the
two forwards have switched that's
Lineker stop olive here i think the 15
Lineker got three he got the shot plus
the goalkeeper and oliveira stretched
and made a desperate an important save
for Portugal ha door back heels to
Steve's can England do what the Germans
couldn't do that day and find a way
through his Wilkins and hate his death a
great chance
you see there are signs there that the
Portuguese central defenders are running
out of a bit of steam and giving players
the chance to run into space you see he
beat him there on running power because
made his bow forward for this corner
he's gone to the near post area with
butcher leaving hateley deeper and there
is hateley or brian watson
with the overhead kick again landing on
his back and again mercifully getting up
unharmed that's 16 minutes to go
portugal have got one so on the england
subzi warmed up for a few seconds of sat
down again now dear mancino carlos
manuel is in the center do you mancino
I've scored
in the 70
and it was dim encino got ahead of
sansom carlos manuel absolutely
unattended three defenders and children
either to cut it out
do I have to say I was in a prior of
vinyl I'll put himself into the penalty
area there when Gomes had just been
taken off and finished what / Portugal
could be a very important goal but for
what England Jimmy has to go down as a
bad goal putri and the danger is of
England press forward too much they
might leave the gate open and poof is
the fresh pair of legs and he's taking
on butcher and fennec oh it has toppled
him in the opinion of the West German
referee belly and a corner is given food
tray was appealing for a penalty no
doubt that came with five minutes to go
and we did I think like a little
anxiously at the referee to be
frustrated he always gives everything
but it is a time for coolness and
decisiveness which is the real port with
the England performance today future
from the board by johnny pacheco Future
History X Hilton could save by the
England goalkeeper read it superbly and
was angry rightly so with his defense
they we are now entering any time that
the referee may have added on the
stoppages
and it won't be much in fact have been
depleted in monterey by portugal a very
sad result for us chorus manuel de
skoura in the second half but Jimmy Hill
that was not what we were hoping for it
wasn't and it really was on account of
bad finishing that's the only thing that
one can say it wasn't such a bad
performance but at the end of the day
they have most of the game and didn't
kill the Portuguese off the good news if
there is any Bryan Robson came through
without injury and if i were a wife
England team player I wouldn't put the
kettle on quite yet because I'm sure
they'll come fighting back in their next
match they've got to run more bad much
like that and there